So.
Let's see how we can make them active.
Right.
So it.
Come here.
And.
To make things easier instead of writing very long code comparisons to the current.
If the current is equal to his riff, let me use a helper function here.
So let's call it active name.
It can stoop to this function, will receive some argument, and then it will return some class names
which will make the current link active with some extra standing so that it stands out right.
So active name.
This function will receive the name, which will basically be this history.
So this history will be received as name.
And then we take right to now link.
I don't think actually we need leveling since we're not using bootstrap guitar, so we just want the
word active.
All right, so here we use current.
So we access the still variable current and we take if the current equal sequence equals the current
value matches, then our name will be sending as argument which could be administered bedpost which
could be anything.
Right.
So if that match with the current, if that is equal to a name then.
You want to use the class name active.
That's it.
Now the active class name.
We can just swear to see a system.
Make it look active.
All right, so that's perfect.
Now we can use this function on all these different links.
So let's try on the desperate.
So a.
We use class name.
The class name.
Active.
I didn't name.
Right.
So that's now a function they would take.
Actively subclass them.
We want to determine whether it's active or not, and for that we can use this function that will return
the value.
If Mets then it will return the value of active.
All right.
So we execute this function.
We need to make sure to pass the name, which is less admin.
We have to pass the string like that.
And that is all we need to do.
I could.
I think, Alisha.
And if I rightly inspect, you can see this now has the class name active.
You can see classic.
Now if I click on Add New.
You don't see active at the moment.
And you let me right click inspect again to see if it doesn't have the active plus name.
But as soon as I use this.
I should be able to.
Said the acting class then, if that is.
So let me replace the anchor tag with that coat and limit this to Edmund's less posts.
So that's almost as good as the add new replacement to it by sending it back to Edmonds, less posts,
less new.
So whatever has if you put that here now, if you try.
Previously we couldn't see acting.
But now if we click.
You can see now it has the active plus name.
And based on that, we can study.
All right, so let's do this for all the links.
This one is Adnan's last.
Categories.
Next one library and means less media.
Library.
Next one.
And means less media less.
Next the comments.
Add Winslet's comments next one for users.
And means less uses.
By the way, you can pause the video and finish it on your own.
This one's pretty straightforward.
Ed means less, uses less then.
And means less.
Usually that's living like this for now.
It's going to be dynamic a bit later, but for the moment, and the last one customized to that end
is less customized.
Okay.
So we have added.
This functionality that will give us the active last name, which whichever a leak has been clicked.
Now, at the moment, you don't see much difference.
So what we can do is.
We can.
Create a style set and then.
Use the use and she uses to make the active plus them look a unique.
All right.
So.
Previously we used the public folder to Stasi curses only screwed.
One must use this for our own self external storage system.
So yeah, we tried the cases for the class.
They're so active.
I want to send the caller to the caller.
I want to set the blue car.
189890ff.
By the way, if you're interested in getting these weird colors, I'm my favorite one is always search
for pasta as the animal color.
And I go to w three schools.
And then begin to speak the colors get their value.
As you vary, you can choose the different states.
It's pretty cool here.
All right.
So this is how you can get the valleys.
You know.
Oh, there's valleys using a slide loose fairly here.
That's a goal.
And then takes decoration.
I want to set it to underline.
So the active platinum name will have this blue color and then a beautiful underline underneath.
Okay, so.
And save that in me.
Reload the page just to make sure.
And let's see if the active links works.
Now, if I could click.
And new.
Actually, it's not sure.
Let me give you and important I think that that's needed giving you a readout.
That's world.
And new.
Only when I click it twice.
It's actually working, too.
Something's not right.
On the line.
It's good to win now.
Okay.
So I just realized that kind of a silly mistake that we did is because I created this started, but
I haven't actually imported it anyway.
So let me go and input in.
Underscore averages.
By the way, let me quickly show you one more thing.
So sometimes what I do is I have this plug in in my column that's called a live C editor.
You can download it from Google Chrome Web Store and Google Chrome Web Store or something.
They call it.
We've seen declining.
So you can search for that long life surface editor.
This is one of my favorite tools for cynicism that you can quickly try to assess.
This one, right?
If you don't have it so you can click and in some I'll have it so you can see I see a remote and that
will let you.
Provide some services that gets applied immediately.
So for example, if a train now you can see immediately it is it has the underline and the column blue
if I am that that's got a thumb on the decimal then that gets hacked.
I found on the.
And knew that act.
You can see.
All right.
You.
We have to make sure we import here.
Import.
So we have to go to let's see.
This is just he says.
I said, come here.
Can't resolve.
Let's see.
So I think we have to give a full partnership on this.
Only in the adverts is everywhere else and just give it like that since it's in public.
So let me just stress this probably less.
So let me go.
Go one step or two paces.
So it's inside business.
Who wants to form good spaces in public spaces?
So that's how it should work.
Okay.
Beautiful.
All right.
So you can see here, even on page reload, we can see that we have the active link here.
Now, Fernandes, you see that's active.
If you reload is too that would be active.
If you're gonna add new.
Even if you reload, that's active.
Beautiful.